Alright, here's what you just learned.
Explain the consumer group protocol and partition assignment.
Implement the poll loop with a ConsumerRebalanceListener.
Compare auto-commit, sync commit, and async commit strategies.
Stick with me here.
This is the part where real understanding happens.
Don't just watch and forget.
Go practice.
Build it in code.
Explain it to someone.
That's how it sticks.
The complete Apache Kafka course with cheatsheets and mock interviews is at guru-sishya.in slash apache-kafka.
Drop a like if this helped.
You now know how to explain the consumer group protocol and partition assignment, implement the poll loop with a consumerrebalancelistener, and explain the trade-offs in an interview.
Ab interview mein dhoom machao!